Architectural documentation (#12)
Energinet-DataHub/energy-origin: doc/architecture/adr/0006-authentication.md

# Authentication

* Status: accepted
* Deciders: @MartinSchmidt
* Date: 2021-07-01

---

## Context and Problem Statement

How should authentication on the platform happen.

---

## Decision Outcome

> **OAuth2 and OIDC** are a well established standard, and will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**OAuth2 and OIDC** are well established standards and will be used.
```
